docs(web-modeler): document changes in authentication methods for configured clusters (#5407)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/reference/announcements-release-notes/870/870-announcements.md

- In 8.6, you could still configure cluster details on the **Deploy diagram** modal when deploying.
- In 8.7, you can no longer configure cluster details on the **Deploy diagram** modal. You must [configure the cluster](/self-managed/modeler/web-modeler/configuration/configuration.md#clusters) to be able to deploy from this modal.
- Note that you must also be assigned the `Zeebe` [Identity role](/self-managed/identity/user-guide/roles/add-assign-role.md) to be able to deploy (if `BEARER_TOKEN` is used as authentication).

### Deprecated: Web Modeler cluster authentication `OAUTH` and `CLIENT_CREDENTIALS` <span class="badge badge--long" title="This feature affects Self-Managed">Self-Managed</span>

> The following authentication methods for a [configured cluster in Web Modeler](/self-managed/modeler/web-modeler/configuration/configuration.md#clusters) are now being deprecated and will no longer be supported in version 8.8:

Author: Yes, I will add the announcement for 8.8 once we have actually removed the deprecated methods.

- In 8.6, you could still configure cluster details on the **Deploy diagram** modal when deploying.
- In 8.7, you can no longer configure cluster details on the **Deploy diagram** modal. You must [configure the cluster](/self-managed/modeler/web-modeler/configuration/configuration.md#clusters) to be able to deploy from this modal.
- Note that you must also be assigned the `Zeebe` [Identity role](/self-managed/identity/user-guide/roles/manage-roles.md) to be able to deploy (if `BEARER_TOKEN` is used as authentication).

### Deprecated: Web Modeler cluster authentication `OAUTH` and `CLIENT_CREDENTIALS` <span class="badge badge--long" title="This feature affects Self-Managed">Self-Managed</span>

The following authentication methods for a [configured cluster in Web Modeler](/self-managed/modeler/web-modeler/configuration/configuration.md#clusters) are now being deprecated and will no longer be supported in version 8.8:

- `OAUTH`: This method was replaced by `BEARER_TOKEN`.

> - `CLIENT_CREDENTIALS`: This method was only introduced as a temporary solution for 8.7 to support deployments from Web Modeler when [Microsoft Entra ID is used as OIDC provider](/self-managed/setup/guides/connect-to-an-oidc-provider.md?authPlatform=microsoftEntraId#configuration).
>   It will no longer be necessary in 8.8 as the `BEARER_TOKEN` authentication will be supported for Entra ID as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CLIENT_CREDENTIALS`: This method was introduced as a temporary solution to support deployments from Web Modeler when [Microsoft Entra ID is used as OIDC provider](/self-managed/setup/guides/connect-to-an-oidc-provider.md?authPlatform=microsoftEntraId#configuration).
  It is marked for removal in 8.8 as the `BEARER_TOKEN` authentication will be supported for Entra ID as well.
```
